[netlify adapter] add note on Netlify node version (#1926)
sveltejs/kit: packages/adapter-netlify/README.md

> ⚠️ For the time being, the latest version of adapter-netlify is at the @next tag. If you get the error `config.kit.adapter should be an object with an "adapt" method.`, this is a sign that you are using the wrong version (eg `1.0.0-next.0` instead of `1.0.0-next.9`).

> > ⚠️ For the time being, Netlify's default Node version is 12. SvelteKit requires Node v14 to build. you can pin the Node version with a [`.nvmrc`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#nvmrc) file: `echo "14" > .nvmrc` or [set the `NODE_ENV` environment variable](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/manage-dependencies/#node-js-and-javascript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Netlify defaults to Node 12.16. SvelteKit requires Node v12.20 to build. You can pin the Node version with a `.node-version` or [`.nvmrc`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#nvmrc) file: `echo "14" > .nvmrc` or [set the `NODE_ENV` environment variable](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/manage-dependencies/#node-js-and-javascript).
```
